update ccud and dv plugin (#1)
gradle/gradle-enterprise-gitlab-templates: README.md

# Gradle Enterprise Templates (Beta)

## Overview
Two GitLab CI/CD templates will automatically inject the Gradle Enterprise Maven extension or the Gradle Enterprise Gradle plugin on the executor.
Build Scans® are available as a free service on scans.gradle.com and commercially via [Gradle Enterprise](https://gradle.com/).

## Requirements
- Gitlab 15.11 since they use inputs, see https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/yaml/includes.html#define-inputs-for-configuration-added-with-include-beta.

> - Bash with curl should be available on the executor

Reviewer: This doesn't work with Windows, right?

- Network access to download from Maven central and from GitHub (those URLs can be customized, see Configuration section)

## Usage - Gradle
Include the remote template and optionally pass inputs.

```yml
include:
  - remote: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gradle/gradle-enterprise-gitlab-templates/main/gradle-enterprise-gradle.yml'
    inputs:

>       geUrl: https://my-ge-instance

Reviewer: In the extension/plugin docs we are using `https://gradle-enterprise.mycompany.com` https://docs.gradle.com/enterprise/gradle-plugin/#connecting_to_gradle_enterprise. I think it's better to keep it consistent 

```suggestion
      geUrl: https://gradle-enterprise.mycompany.com
```

build-gradle-job:
  stage: build
  script:

>     - ./gradlew check # Will publish a build scan to https://my-ge-instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ./gradlew check # Will publish a build scan to https://gradle-enterprise.mycompany.com
```

```

For all other options see `inputs` in `gradle-enterprise-gradle.yml`.

## Usage - Maven
Include the remote template and optionally pass inputs.

```yml
include:
  - remote: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/gradle/gradle-enterprise-gitlab-templates/main/gradle-enterprise-maven.yml'
    inputs:

>       geUrl: https://my-ge-instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      geUrl: https://gradle-enterprise.mycompany.com
```

build-maven-job:
  stage: build
  script:

>     - ./mvnw clean verify # Will publish a build scan to https://my-ge-instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ./mvnw clean verify # Will publish a build scan to https://gradle-enterprise.mycompany.com
```

```

For all other options see `inputs` in `gradle-enterprise-maven.yml`.

## Notes
- By default, the Gradle/Maven Gradle Enterprise instrumentation is enabled, it can be disabled by setting the `geEnabled` input
- Both Gradle and Maven templates can be included in the same project

## Authentication
To authenticate against the Gradle Enterprise server, you should specify a masked environment variable named `GRADLE_ENTERPRISE_ACCESS_KEY`.

> See https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/variables/#define-a-cicd-variable-in-the-ui on how to do this in GitLab UI.

Reviewer: Maybe also add links to the respective sections in the Gradle and Maven docs? Where we explain how to generate this key. For example this one for Maven: https://docs.gradle.com/enterprise/maven-extension/#creating_access_keys
